Update code standards (#8127)
SatelliteQE/robottelo: docs/code_standards.rst

In order to provide a code base that is easy to maintain, as well as easy to
contribute to, **Robottelo** has adopted a set of code standards that all

> contributers are held to. Violations to our strictly held standards will result in a rejected pull request until all violations have been resolved. While not adhering to our recomended standards isn't a show stopper, keeping to them will help our code base to stay great!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributors are held to. Violations to our strictly held standards will result in a rejected pull request until all violations have been resolved. While not adhering to our recommended standards isn't a show stopper, keeping to them will help our code base to stay great!
```

Author: ahh nice catch!

Strictly Held
-------------

Black

> * Robottelo uses the code formatting tool black.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Robottelo uses the code formatting tool: black.
```

Reviewer 3: As its not a list, I disagree to the use of a colon. Some style guides suggest italics for the first use of a key term, or use quotation marks in a man mage.

Looking at https://github.com/psf/black I see the author uses a capital letter to write Black.

Reviewer 2: OK. Whatever makes it more obvious it is a name of the tool.

Reviewer 4: A link here would probably be beneficial to anyone new to the tool.

Author: @swadeley thoughts?

Reviewer 3: Looking at the rendered guide[1], making the word "Black" a link to https://github.com/psf/black solves this issue as the word will be marked up in a blue font. No need for italics then.

[1] https://robottelo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code_standards.html

* This tool will handle most of the general formatting regarding indentation and others.
* In general, if black makes a change to your code, that is what we also desire.

> * Black is integrated into our CI process, so make sure it is run via pre-commit hook or manually before submitting a pull request.

Author: I'll clarify the language to indicate that the CI checks that the code is blak-compliant.

Strings

* Use string methods instead of the string module.
* Use f-strings for string formatting whenever possible.
* Use the string's format method when an f-string would become too complex.
* When using format, leave out indices, unless absolutely necessary (variable re-use).

Examples ::code::

    simple_example = f'This is a {simple_var} example'
    moderate_example = f'{some_var}: {some_func(arg="foo")}'
    multi_line_example = f'You can also do {"larger"} '
        'f-strings. Only using the f notation when a '
        f'string requires it like this one: {some_func()}'

    complex_formatting = 'This {} contains both {} and {}'.format(
        'string',
        '"layered"',
        ' '.join(['a', 'non-trivial list', 'converted to', 'a', 'string'])
    )
    indices_needed = (
        'this {var1} is a {var1} that has the {var2} {var1} {var3}'.format(
            var1='sentence', var2='word', var3='multiple times'

>         )

Reviewer 5: why not 
```
'this {0} is a {0} that has the {1} {0} {2}'.format('sentence', 'word', 'multiple times')
```

Author: Would people prefer using indices of kwargs here?

Reviewer 6: The indices works well (look up) when we have less number of arguments to format but when the arguments count is high the kwargs works better.

If the number of code lines doesnt matter. then I would go with kwargs.

Reviewer 5: I guess we won't see it very often, maybe we can leave it to contributor's discretion.

* _private_variable
* _PrivateClass

> Furthermore, when writing fixtures, make their scope clear at the beginning of the fixture function's name. An unspecified scope is assumed to be function-level

Author: "as" is correct here. Also, this section is about naming convention rather than any kind of pytest specification.

* org
* module_org

> * session_org

Author: This section is about how to name fixtures so their scope is apparent, not to give instruction on defining fixture scope.

With that, I'm not a fan of the default scope "function" being explicitly included in the fixture name by prefixing it with "func_"

> Style

Reviewer 6: Should we altogether remove it as black and pre-commit take cares of it automatically about styling.

Author: I can remove this

* Absolutely no semicolons.
* Lines are not to exceed 99 characters in length.

> * Code will be indented with **4 spaces** instead of tabs.

Reviewer 7: In some editors or IDEs, you can format the indent of your tab to be a certain number of spaces.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems pycharm uses 4 spaces as default for it's tabs.

Author: that is correct. for most people, setting this as their editor default is the best behavior. black might also correct for this.

General

* Avoid global variables.
* Use :code:`.join()` for non-trivial string concatenation.

> * Trivial string concatenation can be done either via f-strings or `+`, though f-strings are preferred.

Reviewer 6: I think `+` concatenation way is always consider bad way of doing it. Can we altogether disagree with `+` concatenation.

fstings solved it much better.

Reviewer 4: I agree with you here @jyejare but was willing to accept it, as @JacobCallahan had some justification for performance.

Reviewer 6: @mshriver Not exactly sure how much time it would really save (probably in milliseconds), but f-string has an upper-hand to plus concatenation when it comes to readability/ease.

Author: @jyejare I'll leave the guidance here as-is, since trivial string concatenation with `+` is both easier to write/read and more performant that f-strings.
